>> Speaker 1: Reason of using
extend instead of mixins?
>> Mike North: So what's the reason for
using extend instead of mixins?
He said that it might have
to do with CSS output and
in fact that is one of the main
motivators for using extend.
The idea that you can basically opt-in
to a class that's defined once,
and add your selector to
that central definition.
Versus mixins, which you can think of
those as like that function's evaluated,
that style's placed into your SaaS, and
then we start processing the rest of SaaS.
So like you will see that
every time you use a mixin,
you have those new rules brought in.
And again it's safer that
way because now like,
everything is independent but also
everything is repeated if that make sense.
Yeah, other than that,
I don't see any other questions there
I do see a comment that when people solve
the equation, 20 folks dropped off online.
So, I'm glad I put that at
the end instead of the beginning.
[LAUGH] All right, well,
thank you all for coming.